Add details on Consul token ttl (#10470)
hashicorp/vault: website/pages/docs/secrets/consul/index.mdx

token              bc7a42c0-9c59-23b4-8a09-7173c474dc42
```

> !> **Expired token rotation:** Currently, once the TTL expires for the tokens and unless you set a workflow in place to manually rotate the tokens,
> Consul operations will start failing because of the tokens being expired. At this time, the recommended approach for operators is to rotate the 
> tokens manually by creating a new token using the `vault read consul/creds/my-role` command and then, once the token is synchronized with Consul 
> apply the token to the agents using the Consul API or CLI.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> **Expired token rotation:** Once a token's TTL expires, then Consul operations will no longer be allowed with it. This requires you to have an external process to rotate tokens. At this time, the recommended approach for operators is to rotate the tokens manually by creating a new token using the `vault read consul/creds/my-role` command. Once the token is synchronized with Consul, apply the token to the agents using the Consul API or CLI.
```
